# DC-SppNet
a unsupervised rigid  image registration
  Rigid registration is thea basic task ofto aligning different images into the same coordinate frame. TraditionaCurrent deep learning-basedl rigid image registration usingof deep learning-based methods cannot get satisfiedobtain satisfactory registration performance, similar liketo that ofcompared with AntsANTS did, although  though it shows has a faster registration speed than AntsANTS. MeanwhileFurthermore, the annotation expense for some medical datasetdatasets, such as the 3D Brain CTP dataset, is unacceptable. Thus, this paper aims to proposes a new unsupervised rigid image registration network, called DC-SppNet, which can outperforms Ants ANTS and other state-of-the-artsart networks in termterms of rigid registration precision, and also shows has evident advantageadvantages in registration speed. Our SppNetwich exploits multi-scale Pyramid Multi-scalemultiscale pyramid edge information to getobtain local feature registration and that is useduses raw images to improve global registration performance using raw images. MeanwhileMoreover, a new dynamic cascade architecture is proposed to solve the problem that the registration error is easy to raise easily increases enlarged as with the cascade length increasing increasing.  increases. The proposed DC-SppNet model is evaluated by usingon the Multic-Center Brain CTP dataset and make comparisonis compared with Ants ANTS as well asand other Statestate-of-the-art rigid registration networks in terms of MSE and DICE. The experimentexperimental results prove thethat DC-SppNet outperformoutperforms other rigid networks in terms of Dice and MSE, and also achieve achieves better registration precision compared with than Ants ANTS with fewerless registration time consumingconsumption. Additionally, Our DC-SppNet (Dynamicdynamic cascade SppNet) shows better registration stability than Ants ANTS since Ants ANTS may getobtain failed registration resultresults due to local optimal solutionsolutions. The source code is available at:
